A key goal of kanban is a smooth,
consistent flow of work, quite different from waterfall. Let's explore further.
So ideally, we want a smooth flow of work.
That is why we want to try as hard as possible to reduce or eliminate
the churn we talked about earlier with waterfall.
What allows a smooth flow with kanban? Well, the following. Product
changes receive speedy customer feedback, your team will be able to
quickly adjust to daily shifts in business, your process for development
is designed to reduce or eliminate a buildup of defects and quality
issues. So our goal is a smooth, just‑in‑time flow of work.
As you may know, just in time is a lean concept,
basically meaning a system in which materials,
components or requirements and software that are delivered immediately
when they are required in order to minimize costs.
This is kanban, whereas waterfall is the exact opposite.
Kanban is built for smooth and continuous delivery of customer value.
So to further emphasize this point,
let's look at the relationship between time and quality
in the software development process.
Okay, so here's our axis,
and on the X axis is the time between requirements and production.
Not very much time to the left, more time to the right, between
requirements and production. On the Y axis, lower down would be higher
quality and up would be the lower quality quadrant.
Now, in that particular point on the graph,
that's very little time between requirements and production,
higher quality. Medium time, between the time you write
requirements and get all the way through your process to
production, would be probably moderate quality.
And lastly,
if it takes you a very long time between the time you start
requirements and you actually delivered a production,
you're going to have much lower quality. Now, there's been many
studies on this and proven time and time again.
That was why we had one of the big drivers for agile and Scrum
because it reduced it into sprints, and also with kanban we're reducing it into a continuous daily flow.